# Free Thinkers
The website Free thinkers is a multipage website, which is made on wordpress and had some customized codes of HTML and CSS. The soure of elements added are from different plugins provided by the wordpress platform only. This site mainly targets the skin concerned people by providing them meaningful and informational data. The reference for the data we took is from nykaa site. <br /> <br />The Home page includes a scroller having the quick links to the pages for knowledge.<br/><br/> This site give you insight knowledge about skin care.<center>_**Why is it important?**_</center> <br /> Further it will give you detail about different type of skins such as Normal skin, Dry skin, Oily skin, Combination skin. <br/>On the top right side of our site we have a separate menus with a search option.<br/>As you scroll down the page you will get to know more about the developers of the site.<br/>Further down we have the scroller gallery for skin sensible.we also provide you some home remedies so that you can take care of your skin at your home **_during this panademic_**.<br/>we have a slider on our webpage which give details about skin care ,<br/> **_why do we need it_** <br/>**_how to take care of it_**<br/>At the bottom of our page we have a site map for you from where you can go to any location on our page. <br/>We also provide links to the detailed pages for more information and some social links<br/>You can compromise your skin care but we can't that why we provide you a very deep knowlege about skin care,it important ,how to determine type of skin,skin care routine and some home made remidies.
<br /> **_DETAILS RELATED TO SITE:_**
<br /> To run the website locally or online you just need to open the link [freethinkers.imhk.info](http://freethinkers.imhk.info/) in any browser. We used the wordpress theme builder and some tips from the offical site, as our reference. The website is under the healthcare theme i.e., in this pandaemic era, everyone is at home and needs a routine to be followed for better health. The routine we mentioned in this site is for skin. In this period with our health our skin too needs care and regular cleaning. We have collected infomation from relaiable sites and verfied links so that user don't require to look from thousands of webpages for authentic information.
<br />**_Problems we faced during building this site is that:_**<br /> The editing and the pulgins were totally new to us. <br /> The navigation bar gave us a huge challenge, as we were not able to fix it in position as we scroll down. We solved the problem by switching the template. Hence, we learned a lot from this step.<br /> Some of the things like contact form and the integration points made us learn a lot about the flow of backend process.
<br /> **_The new things we would like to mention that we learned are:_**<br /> We created something that once we thought it wouldn't get completed. Also two of the members in team got to learn about basics of wordpress platform as they were new to this, the one was new to css so the team made it all as a jigsaw piece, each quailty fixed its own place. The passion and dedication made this project to come to its finishing. In this we learned a lot of concepts of html and wordpress plugins, color theory and asthetics of a website.

# Happy Coding & Designing
